d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\ContosoSiteCodeFirst.dll.config
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\ContosoSiteCodeFirst.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\ContosoSiteCodeFirst.pdb
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\obj\Debug\ContosoSiteCodeFirst.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\obj\Debug\ContosoSiteCodeFirst.dll
d:\users\liuyb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\ContosoSiteCodeFirst\obj\Debug\ContosoSiteCodeFirst.pdb
